hello dear tankers with you again
for the sake of 15 we will not have time
Today I will review at 185
This is because in Soviet shocked
level five
no 50
so stop alas cannon
freedom square further letter to the head
how do you see the street follow may thoughts a
engine
as usual, I myself more than once
I do not see anything good
As you can see
he is very good
there came four lines naked
Moscow became lower Churchill
in school I did not ask
but guests to the construction
but I think their problems
discovered in Moscow
Neighbors counted for 6 75 dollars
when it is certain to proceed from the fact that
following the fact that not in vain sec
term 6 years increased from 8 1
us because we have arranged to do
and though I did not think
empty grave n
I will go
first meeting
known as a military source
however 5 hectare
Marina Shishkina done
last fight
second shift
dad does not appear
true
alley of power
50 100 UAH
change that clear
do not interfere
naturally
in his style
well that at least almost got h
it will become considered that nonsense hit them
by chance
here they have foreign loans for kiev day
220 places
government with
clinic rush hours spassky critically
and now i'm playing recovery
June 8
but pretty quickly came out in
own
but sometimes did not leave
high class
Now let's see how much
since now and now in service but for now
not allowed
1125 experience is not enough
for them, the fact that it is not very movie
still
shot precision siberian
and 50 almost damage
I have time to mine
buy skeptics this tank
advice is very good tank
but only in the top grade
bye everyone